My favorite part about mountain biking is being in the woods
yet conversations about it always steer toward the exhilarating parts.
Going fast and hitting jumps is cool
but sadly these days I spend more time sitting at a desk
than I do trying to get rad on a bicycle.
Unplugging from the screens and the noise of the world seems more important than ever.
Hopping on my bike and putting a little effort into the pedals carries me away.
In a little while my legs loosen up
my body starts to remember it can do more than sit at a desk chair.
Eventually the computer screen burned into my eyes clears
and when I finally hit the woods and the noise of the cars fades away
everything calms down
things get simple again.
I start with a good climb and I quickly stop thinking at all.
There's nothing but breathing and turning the pedals.
I know it's not exactly solving the world's problems
but it helps my brain find room to put them into perspective.
20 minutes later on a plateau deeper in the woods
my only thoughts are simple.
This is such a nice place to be. The trees are beautiful.
It's peaceful here.
Eventually I make it to the top of some fun trail.
It feels like a roller coaster starting up as the momentum builds
and every time without fail I'm reminded
that one of the base joys at the heart of bike riding
is rolling down a hill.
I don't have to push it or test myself
though of course sometimes I do.
It just feels good to be riding through the trees.
It's so grounding to be out here in the woods
and I love that my bike takes me here.